
# Mafagafo Figth
We know, [Mafagafo](https://desciclopedia.org/wiki/Mafagafo) [(Grue)](https://uncyclopedia.ca/wiki/Grue) is one of the oldest characters in Uncyclopedia, so we decided to create a game for him, but that would be unfair to the other 8162514 characters, so we decided to put them in the fighting ring, where only the best can win.
Actually this project use JavaScript with [PIXI.JS](https://www.pixijs.com/) (PIXI.JS are available to use with MIT license therms) framework to work,to play this game can you check releases and instructions (no available so far)  or go to [this link](https://eduapps-cdg.github.io/mafagafos-desktop).

### Controllers
* `WASD` or `Arrows` - move;
* `J` or `NUMPAD_1` - low lick;

#### Notice¹:
In Dec 10 of 2020 we had decided to re-create the project, if you want to use C and SDL2 based version fell free for create a fork or download some oldest commit, thanks for all contributions so far.

#### Notice²:
This file (README.md) can be altered without previously warn.

## Components (folder structure)
This project are composed by this folders and files:
``` 
    /
        ./node_modules_fix - Its located modules that we fixed or implemented.
        ./docs
            ./styles.css - a basic css that is NOT auto-generated
            ./index.html - a auto-generated index.html
            ./main.js - A dump of all our javascript
        ./src
            ./scene
                loading-scene.js - A cool Loading Scene
            ./global.js -variable allocator.
            ./main.js -from where it all starts
```


## Honour Conduct Code
Please, read this section, when you Commit/Open a Pull Request you assume that are reading this section, and all applicable legal responsibilities in Brazil. This project is for Uncyclopedia, but is not developed by Uncyclopedia because this we need to maintain a standard form of code and commits, if you're a beginner, it's recommended that you read the ["JS Right Way Manual"](https://jstherightway.org/).

Please **do not make tests on the main branch**, create a branch if you want to add a new implementation, test and open a pull request, do not joke with the work of other developers, if you are not used to Git (CLI) or if you are a beginner, consider using Gitkraken or GitHub Desktop, thanks xD



#### Note<sup>1</sup> :
We recommend that commits and comments are written in English (by convention that's the default), as it's the standard language, and then keep that in mind that most developers here are Brazilian and spelling mistakes are normal, please respect the programmers,  Explicit xenophobia will not be permitted from any developer, designer and tester from any country, not be dumb, that's a crime and all actions here are recorded by GitHub so, keep common sense, and remember, be funny, not just idiot.

#### Note<sup>2</sup> :

We try to have no legal problem, so "copyrighted" material are not allowed here, and all media resources (pictures, sounds, sprites, etc.) should be produced based on UncycleMedia Commons assets with Creative Commons license, if you feel with your or someone copyrights are violated, please, consider open an "Issue" on GitHub.

#### Note<sup>3</sup> :
Please, do not edit this files without without talk to other developers
* ./docs/main.js

## Changelog

### 12.10.2020
    Re-create all project files.

### 12.11.2020
    Configuration done.

### 12.12.2020
    Set canvas to fullscreen.


## The Dark South Mafagafo Dev Team

We are normal people (like you), or not,  our team is composed by:
* Arthur C (TuzinRS)
* Eduardo P (EduApps)
* Smalkade K (Smalkade)

Want to code with us? Please, open an Issue or mail [eduardoprocopiogomes@gmail.com](mailto:eduardoprocopiogomes@gmail.com)

### Copyright (Code)

    © Copyright 2020 Dark South Mafagafo Dev Team
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Please, see LICENSE file for more information.

## Copyright (media assets)

Read LICENSE file for media assets copyright information.
# mafagafight
